# Hotel Management System

Application for Hotel reservation. We will take the selection criteria from user and display the hotels list for user basing on the criteria. User can book the room if there is availability of the rooms in that particular hotel. There are three different types of user roles for the application they are administrator , hotel agent and normal user. Following are the actions provided for each user.

1. *Normal user :* Can register for the site Search the hotel details basing on the criteria. Book the hotel room Can modify the self details. 
2. *Hotel Agent:* Can register for the site Can add/update the details of the hotel.
3. *Adminstrator:* Will approve the new hotel details added to the application Can delete the user/hotel details. Minimal Features : Adding Hotel information such as hotel name, location, number of rooms , facilities etc. to the database Listing the hotels based on different criteria selected by the user. User able to select a hotel and book a room. Booking permitted only if there are rooms available Displaying the reservation status. Registration of users. Update user details. Modify hotel details. Approval of the details entered by the hotel agent. Delete user/hotel details by admin Additional Features: Taking Feedback from user. Rating the hotels based on the feedback.

Goals: To complete the hotel booking flow, registration of the users, adding details of the hotels. Deliverables: Minimal Features and additional features provided if time permits. Out of scope: We are not embedding payment gateway in the current application we will try if time permits after completion of additional features.